fix: add `x-forwarded-port` and `x-forwarded-proto` to `proxyHeaderIgnore` defaults (#465)
nuxt-community/axios-module: docs/content/en/options.md

## `proxyHeadersIgnore`

> * Default `['accept', 'host', 'x-forwarded-host', 'x-forwarded-port', 'x-forwarded-proto', 'cf-ray', 'cf-connecting-ip', 'content-length', 'content-md5', 'content-type']`

Reviewer: Shall we also ignore `x-forwarded-for`?

Author: This one contains the IP of the client.
I think that's the only one that could make sense.

Reviewer: Makes sense to keep

This is useful and effective only when `proxyHeaders` is set to true. It removes unwanted requests headers to the API backend in SSR.

> Ignoring the headers `x-forwarded-*`, `cf-ray`, and `cf-connecting-ip` is necessary to avoid confusing reverse proxies (including CloudFlare) and avoid causing proxy loops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ignoring the headers like `x-forwarded-proto` is necessary to avoid confusing reverse proxies (including like nginx or cloudflare) and avoid causing proxy loops.
```

Author: Done.
